README.md, before:

# DocSearch configurations

This is the repository hosting the public [DocSearch](https://community.algolia.com/docsearch/) configurations.

DocSearch is composed of 3 different projects:
* The front-end JavaScript library: https://github.com/algolia/docsearch
* The scraper which browses & indexes web pages: https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-scraper
* The configurations for the scraper: https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs

If you want to run your own DocSearch instance on those configuration files, please get familiar with the [scraper setup guidelines](https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-scraper).

## Introduction

The DocSearch scraper will use a configuration file specifying:
 - the Algolia index name that will store the records resulting from the crawling
 - the URLs it needs to crawl
 - the URLs it shouldn't crawl
 - the (hierarchical) CSS selectors to use to extract the relevant content from your webpages
 - the CSS selectors to skip
 - An optional sitemap URL that will be crawled and then scraped
 - additional options you might provide to fine-tune the scraping

## How it works

Once you run the DocSearch scraper on a specific configuration, it will:
 - crawl all the URLs you specified (from the *start_urls* or the *sitemap*)
 - follow all the hyperlinks mentioned in the page, and continue the crawling there
 - stop the crawling as soon as you've reached a URL that is not specified in your configuration or affiliated to a start url
 - extract the content of every single crawled page following the logic you defined using the CSS selectors
 - push the resulting records to the Algolia index you configured


**Update** You can check [the DocSearch dedicated documentation website](https://community.algolia.com/docsearch/documentation/docsearch-scraper/config-options/) if you need more details regarding how to fine-tune your configuration.

Commit message:

docs(readme): Update documentation to point to main website

README.md, after:

# DocSearch configurations

This repository holds configuration files used by each documentation DocSearch
is indexing.

If you're looking for a way to add DocSearch to your site, you should visit the
main [main website instead][1]. If you want to have a look at existing
configurations and see yours, you've come to the right place.

## Options

Please check the [dedicated documentation][2] to have the list of all available
options along with examples.

## Related projects

DocSearch is made of 3 repositories:

- [algolia/docsearch][3] contains the `docsearch.js` code source and the
  documentation website.
- [algolia/docsearch-configs][4] contains the JSON files representing all the
  configs for all the documentations DocSearch is powering
- [algolia/docsearch-scraper][5] contains the crawler we use to extract data
  from your documentation. The code is open-source and you can run it from
  a Docker image


[1]: https://community.algolia.com/docsearch/
[2]: https://community.algolia.com/docsearch/config-file.html
[3]: https://github.com/algolia/docsearch
[4]: https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-configs
[5]: https://github.com/algolia/docsearch-scraper
